Harlen started out with a rusty
smith-corona and built himself into one
of the best-selling mystery writers of
all time 30 languages over 80 million
copies sold you guys fans I mean I don't
do much fiction reading myself
big fan mr. Blanc is a private
investigator of great renown I read a
tweet about a New Yorker article about
you you're famous the night of his
demise the family had gathered to
celebrate your father's 85th birthday
and your son ransom pretty attend as
well yes but he left early I think
Glenda was upset Walt would get a little
Irish courage and he'd get into it with
Harlan what Richard said what are you
baiting me detective attempting to be
thorough so we can figure out the manner
of death
you mean if someone killed him you think
one of us one of his family Walton mr.
Blanc I just buried my father who
committed suicide why are you here
I suspect foul play I have eliminated no
Sussman Harlan was cleaning house
everyone in the family has possible
motives was halt and planning on cutting
off joint did he plan to fire Walter
near the Richard having an affair that's
some heavy-duty conjecture funny ransom
you skipped the funeral but you're early
for the will reading up your ass very
nice family is truly desperate when
people get desperate the nerves come out
this is a twisted web and we are not
finished on taniel in it not yet it's
waiting for the big reveal
all of them Vlad too late
there is one guilty party behind at all
you know something spill it
oh my god tell me what happened to my
grandfather
I think you have something you want to
tell me
[Music]